hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
common commentaries my name is Matthew
Sims and today I have a new video for
you guys it is my time-lapse of
switching over my entire rig my pc from
a cooler master half 932 over into a
corsair obsidian series 500d I think
this it is it's the silent series and
I'm really happy about the fact that it
might actually well it is now I can tell
you from after it being built and
rendering this video on it that it is a
quite quiet and quite dark the classy
looking kaisa don't have LEDs everywhere
its business k business looking case
versus a gamers looking case which i
really like but it still has all the
good features at a gamer really likes
before we go any further I would like to
thank personally thank my good friend
Zeebo Zakrzewski for creating this
wonderful music and allowing me to use
it behind the video I'll go ahead and
put a link up right now over to his
channel there'll be one in the
description and I'll probably mention
him mention him again at the end of the
commentary but go check his stuff out
this is just a sample of what he does
it's really good at what he does he's
got a whole couple album doubts so go
check him out go by his stuff support
him as an artist and a good friend of
mine so I'd like to say thank you to him
we'll go ahead and move on and basically
two and a half hours it took me to do
this entire thing I think that was all
right for you know it was just kind of a
transfer I didn't have to rebuild the
motherboard or put the you know the
heatsink on with my h100i had to clean
it out cuz man if you see later in this
video it was does maybe was before I
don't know it was really dusty so it was
pretty nasty the new fans you see going
in the ones with the red rings are the
new corsair AF series for airflow i left
the original static pressure fans that
came with the h100 that were there on
the ground that I'm putting on right now
I put those back on because it's good to
have static pressure when you are going
through a radiator and then yeah moving
on to finals week I'm senior in high
school if you guys didn't know in a my
previous videos but it is finals week
for the end of the semester and looking
forward to having Christmas break for
sure I should be studying but I'm you
know during a review time and kind of
giving this out to you guys because I
know I haven't put out one in a while
but um you know during Christmas break
I'll actually be you know out and about
from the 22nd to a second I'm gonna be
on pretty long long time stretch that
are going to be out about around the
country doing stuff and I just going on
a Christmas vacation and it's finally
getting cold in Texas thank Oh
this morning of 29 degrees I know
yesterday morning I was turning ideas
was 19 degrees this morning and I had to
go play soccer in it so that was just
absolutely wonderful wonderful sarcasm
quotes everywhere whatever you need to
do that soccer sucks right now I'm just
going to go and put that out there but
for the love of the game for the
beautiful game that is an arm and going
to move on my animation progress if you
guys hadn't seen any of my other videos
that I talked about the animation stuff
that I'm doing at school basically an
hour and a half a day at school I could
sit in a room man-mate basically create
videos learn Maya right now is what I'm
doing and so eventually that will turn
into progression for this channel to
help out with all the new stuff you know
all the new animated content that I can
hopefully gap and one last thing before
I go a main breaker today or last night
in my house flipped it was an overcharge
electricity some went on a breaker
failed for the dryer and a basically
luckily the main breaker did its job and
I'm really really happy for
breakthroughs because I have the
potential for my house first down if you
guys want me to go more in depth with
that story I'll go and put it in the
video but running out of time shortly go
ahead and check out Zeebo stuff once
again it is quite amazing and thanks
guys for watching this video again it
took about two and a half hours and
yeah I really enjoyed it I hope you
liked it go ahead and click that
subscribe button comment down in the
bottom and a share however you share on
twitter i'm on facebook i post all the
stuff about the new videos up there so
thanks guys for tuning in scum and
commentaries my name is matthew sims you
guys had a wonderful day
why